John C. Baxter committed suicide.
Jeffrey Skilling is a friend of John Baxter and was the former president and CEO of Enron.
Ken Lay was the chairman and CEO of Enron.
Hefty bonuses to top executives before the bankruptcy.
Political conspiracy?
Ken Lay $300M in compensation and bonuses 4 years before bankruptcy.
$1B insider stock sold few months prior to bankruptcy.
Ken Lay had a good relationship with George W Bush and his family.
Enron oil scandal, Valhalla scandal, betting on Enron oil trading. Boris Borguette moved $3M to his off-shore account, information based on an anonymous tip. Confessed company profits were diverted to personal accounts. Misrepresentation of financials and trading, and gambling. Enron executives continue to support this illegal behavior.
Jeff Skilling create financial instruments out of natural gas supply.
Amanda Martin-Brock, an ex-Enron executive, hired by Jeff Skilling and was part of his inner circle.
New accounting system mark to market was approved for Enron.
Mark to market accounting - book potential future profits without a deal, Enron’s profits could be whatever they said it was.
Performance review process motivated employees to aggressively make more money, if not be terminated.
Andy Fastow, Ken Rice, part of Jeff Skilling circles.
Ken Rice, salesman, selling deals to energy companies. Baxter was a dealmaker and closest to Skilling. 
Lu Pie, Skilling lieutenant, built the trading business, Enron Energy Services. Spent Enron’s money on strippers. Made the most out of all $250M, and then left Enron. His businesses lost $1B after his departure.
Enron execs continue to encourage stock analysts and investors, they pushed the stock price up and then sold multi-million dollar stocks.
Huge losses of several projects were swept under the rug, and the executives made profits anyways.
PGE acquisition.
Stock analysts were duped by Jeff Skilling, and had a buy rating all the time.
Enron broadband services, buy and sell bandwidth as commodity.
Teamed up with blockbuster to deliver movies on demand. Deal collapsed but still they made profits.
Executives stock sold before collapse:
	Jeff Skilling - $200M
	Ken Lay - $300M
	Ken Rice - $53M
	Cliff Baxter - $35M
Weather options?
Andy Fastow, CFO, covered up all the financials. Hid the fact that Enron was $30B in debt.  Created 100 magic special companies of Fastow’s to burry debt.
Conflicts of interest - head of the funds and CFO of Enron at the same time. Convinced major investment banks to bet on these funds.
Arthur Andersen accounting firm and Winson & Elkins law firm received $1M per week to coerce and go-along with all these malpractices.
Banks was all in on this. Evidence from emails, shown in documentary email from citibank.
Merrill Lynch bought Enron power barges, an illegal transaction to get these off of Enron’s books.
EES, rolling blackouts in California across all major areas. It was not lack of supply. De-regulation of electricity in California.
Tim Belden, west coast trading Enron. They exported power out of California. They created artificial demand by shutting down power plants. The price of energy soared up because of this and the Enron traders made a lot of money betting on it.
Year long energy crisis in california cost the state $30B.
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) did not intervene until a democratic senate forced them to do so.
Sudden resignation of Jeff Skilling. The architect of the whole fraud.
Sharon Watkins, Ex-Vice President, Enron. 